 Let's all go to the lobby. Let's all go to the lobby. Let's all go to the lobby to get ourselves a treat. Delicious things to eat. The popcorn can't be beat. The sparkling drinks are just dandy. The chocolate bars and the candy. So let's all go to the lobby to get ourselves To get ourselves a treat A young boy carrying a ball goes to an empty playground to play by himself. The boy kicks the ball and then dashes after it. He lines up his shot and kicks the ball again. The boy catches up to the ball and bounces it off the playground's fences several times, passing it to himself. As he circles the ball, lining up his next shot, His father shows up and calls for him. The boy takes one final kick at the ball before leaving the playground to meet his waiting father. The boy and his father exchange a few words and leave. The boy and his father live in a modest two-story home with a pointed roof. After arriving home, they have a short chat, and the boy turns and climbs the stairs to his second-floor bedroom. His father follows, gives his son a goodnight kiss and tucks him in for the night. While the boy falls asleep, his father walks back downstairs to his bedroom on the first floor, climbs into bed and quickly falls asleep. Upstairs, the boy begins to dream. The ceiling opens up and he floats into the sky along with a huge bird. High above mountains, the boy can fly. The giant bird splits into two smaller birds which soar across the sky with the boy. The two birds become four birds. The boy plays with the birds, but then the flock gangs up on him and starts chasing him. He tries to fly away but cannot escape. Thankfully, the dream ends and the birds disappear. The boy sleeps peacefully for the rest of the night. In the morning, the boy's father climbs the stairs to his son's bedroom and wakes him up. The boy follows his father down the stairs to the first floor of their home. They have a brief conversation before the boy heads out for the day. The day passes. The father waits for his son to return home. When he does, the two talk briefly. The boy climbs into bed as does his father downstairs. Both fall right asleep. Shortly after falling asleep, the boy starts to have the bird dream again. The four birds from the previous night are back. They surround him, preventing him from escaping no matter which direction he turns. The birds transform into a giant monster with two long arms and two wobbly legs. The monster swats at the boy. He misses and tries again. Frightened, the boy flies over the monster, evading its grasp. The monster scrunches into a little ball. It pounces, lunging at the boy. After the boy dodges this attack, the nightmare finally ends. The boy sleeps peacefully for the rest of the night. In the morning, the boy's dad wakes up, walks to the stairs and shouts for his son to come down. The boy jumps up and goes down the stairs. After a brief good morning, the boy again heads out for the day and the day passes. At the end of the day, the boy returns home, greets his father quickly, and then goes straight upstairs to his bedroom. The boy climbs into bed, as does his father downstairs. Both eventually fall asleep. For the third night in a row, the boy begins to dream. The towering monster from the previous dream appears again, slowly following the boy and reaching for him with one arm. The boy stays out of his reach and hovers uncertainly around the monster's feet. Suddenly he is joined by another boy. The boys speak frantically as the monster reaches down. The boys fly over the monster which is still clawing at them. The boys make a desperate plan and the new boy speeds away. He quickly returns with the ball. The boys pull the ball in a slingshot. But the last minute they let it go, shooting the ball into the monster which breaks into a heap. Excited, the boy swoops over the heap. until he notices that the other boy is gone. He goes looking for his new friend but can't find him. He checks under the rubble for his friend. He finds the ball, but not the other boy. His friend is nowhere to be seen. Disappointed, the boy abandons the ball and slowly leaves the dream. He sleeps the rest of the night. In the morning, the boy's father wakes up and calls for him from the bottom of the stairs. The boy wakes up, gets out of bed, and walks downstairs. Father and son exchange a few words and the boy heads out. The boy walks to the playground where his ball is still sitting at the far end of the yard. The boy enters the playground, closing the gate after himself. He forlornly walks to the single ball. He slowly and unenthusiastically kicks the ball halfway down the yard. As he kicks the ball again, his mysterious friend from the dream appears and sneaks towards the playground. He checks that his friend is there. He quietly opens the gate. He sneaks up on the boy who still doesn't see him. He taps the boy on the shoulder. The boy whirls around. The two friends talk back and forth. The boy races to get his ball as his friend gets in position. The boy kicks the ball to his friend who quickly passes it back, playing together in real life just as they had in the dream. Let's all go to the lobby. Let's all go to the lobby. Let's all go to the lobby to get ourselves a treat. Delicious things to eat. The popcorn can't be beat. The sparkling drinks are just dandy. The chocolate bars and the candy. So let's all go to the lobby to get ourselves To get ourselves a treat A small triangle overlapping a smaller circle slides into a rectangle. The triangle touches the circle which glides away. The triangle slides to it and the circle moves away. The triangle comes into contact with the circle again and the circle ricochets between the side of the rectangle and the triangle several times. The triangle moves in a ring around the circle, rotating. A large triangle slides towards the rectangle. The small triangle slides outside the rectangle until it is adjacent to the large triangle. After bouncing, both triangles slide out of the scene. The rectangle reassembles into a square-like structure with a triangular top and a line in the middle. The triangles slide into the structure through a gap in the bottom. The triangles rotate 90 degrees. The small triangle slides diagonally to the upper right, stopping at the middle line. The large triangle does the same. The triangles rotate so their top corners touch and then the small triangle rotates so the top corner points up. The large triangle slides diagonally down and rotates in place. Both triangles move slightly, up and down, up and down. The top of the structure rotates open and the small triangle moves slowly upwards while rotating. The structure turns into a large V. The branches of the V rotate up and down. The V splits into two smaller Vs and the triangle moves left and right with the Vs. Again, the two Vs split in half, making four Vs. The four Vs move in the same direction as the triangle, which moves left and right. The Vs reform the original square-like structure. The big triangle appears and the triangles move slightly up and down. The big triangle moves diagonally up to the middle line. Adjacent to the little triangle, it moves up and down once. The large triangle moves diagonally down. The small triangle does the same. The small triangle slides down out of the structure. The large triangle disappears and the entire structure rotates 360 degrees. The large triangle appears at the bottom. The small triangle moves into the structure, moves up and down next to the large triangle once, and then slides diagonally up to the middle of the structure. Both triangles rotate 90 degrees and then bounce slowly in place. The structure's lower pieces form four Vs that again move up and down. The small triangle moves upward. The Vs are positioned around the triangle moving with it. The Vs become rigid and form separate bars. Other pieces form four longer lines. The long line on the left has hinges and moves towards the triangle. The triangle moves to the upper right while the lines move down. The lines then move vertically, extending towards the triangle. The moving lines reform the square-like structure and the small triangle moves down to the middle line. The large triangle appears, moves left and then rotates to point diagonally up. It bounces. The little triangle rotates 90 degrees and slides diagonally down. Both bounce and the little triangle exits the structure. The large triangle disappears and the structure rotates 360 degrees. The large triangle appears. The small triangle slides into the structure, bounces adjacent to the large triangle and glides diagonally upwards towards the middle line. It rotates until it points up, as does the large triangle below. Both bob slightly up and down. The top of the square-like structure opens and the small triangle moves upwards. The square forms six lines. Two have moving parts. The lines move sideways all together, and a long line with hinges swings out towards the triangle. The triangle moves downwards. A small square appears from the left. Two of the lines rotate to point at them. The square and the triangle move counterclockwise around the screen. The square and triangle move up and down. The square leaves and re-enters with a small circle. The circle is between the triangle and square. The circle moves quickly towards the lines. When the circle touches the lines, they collapse into pieces. The triangle moves above the pieces, making a small loop and then glides off the screen. The pieces are stationary. The triangle reappears from the bottom left of the screen. The top of the triangle touches one of the pieces which rotates up and back down. The motion is repeated on another piece and the triangle touches the circle underneath it. The circle and triangle moving in sync move up and make a full revolution. The triangle moves off screen while the circle and the pieces are stationary. The pieces reform the square-like structure. The small triangle moves slowly into it from the top. The large triangle appears in the bottom, moves left, and bounces once. The small triangle rotates 90 degrees, glides diagonally down, and bounces next to the large triangle. It slides out of the structure. The structure reconfigures into a rectangle with a gap in the upper left side and a circle in the bottom left. The small triangle slides through the gap. It touches the angled bar which rotates to close the gap. The triangle slides towards the circle until they are touching. The circle moves upward and stops. The triangle moves towards the circle and the circle moves away. A square appears on the left and moves towards the rectangle. The square stops. It touches the bar which rotates to make a gap. It moves to the triangle's position. The shapes touch and then bounce adjacent to each other. The triangle moves to the circle and the circle moves to the square. The circle moves repeatedly between the square and the triangle.