 Okay, so they began with like A dream sequence of a shootout. It's during the day. It looks like it's in a grassy field with some sort of disheveled, half-recomposed building. There's a lot of guys in army gear shooting. It's very chaotic. You can't really make out any faces or really people. And then so that cuts out really quickly and you see this man kind of like start out of the bed, it's dark, looks like it's the middle of the night or something. And so he just kind of sits up and like sits there like keeping for a while like he just woke up from a nightmare which is what we assumed that dream was. So then it cuts out to the daytime and we get like this image of his apartment and he's just kind of like walking around. They have a shot of his mug, which has some kind of like sign on it, like a crest almost. And then there's like a quick shot too of like a gun and a notebook. And then it cuts to another clip of the same man sitting in front of what we can assume is his therapist. And, um, They're talking, she says something about him still having trust issues and, or no, she writes that and then he reads it upside down and asks her about writing that and then she confronts him about reading her writing upside down and it's a very tense situation. And then that immediately cuts out and we see a blind woman, she's in an office building, she's on the phone with a man. and we're not sure what the relationship is between her and the man but she tells him to get a taxi home and then right after we see a clip of a man taking a pill out of like this clear bottle and the pill is white with red dots on it and it's The scene is pretty hazy, so you're not exactly sure what's happening. He looks like he's in some sort of building though, like right up against the edge in like a glass elevator or some small confined area. So he's shaking, he takes his pill, and then we see him press against the glass from an outside perspective. We later reveal that he died. And it's implied that that pill is the poison that killed him. And then there's a quick scene where someone, I'm not sure who it was, was saying this man, like he was a good person, we're not sure why he died, or I mean why he would have committed suicide. And then the blonde woman who spoke to him on the phone earlier is seen in the background crying. And then we cut to another scene of these two teenagers, maybe early 20s, these two guys, pretty young. walking in the rain one of them doesn't have his umbrella and the other does and it's It's raining. It's dark. It's an evening the one without the umbrellas tells his friend I'm gonna go back and get my umbrella because it's raining and then so he leaves and Again, it's kind of unclear exactly what happens, but the friend is waiting for a while we couldn't see that because he checks his watch a couple times and then the guy the The same bottle that the man had earlier with the pills in it, that appears again and we assume that the guy who walked away supposedly to get an umbrella took this pill and then died. Then there is another scene with two, it looks like it's in a club or something. There's a bar. A woman walks out of the club dance floor area and says to a man, Hey, she's still dancing, if you can call it that. And then, these two, or, actually that's, just kidding, that's the end of those two characters. And then, we see the woman, assuming she's the one that those two characters are talking about, and she has, she also has these pills and takes one out of the same vial again. And instead, I believe then we go to a panel. It looks like a press conference. And we're not sure exactly who the characters are on the panel, but they seem to be some sort of public safety police chief kind of figures. And there's pictures of the three suicide victims. as a backdrop. There's a man and a woman who are really speaking or who are important in the scene. The man is mostly talking. He's saying things like, these suicides are definitely linked. It was the same poison that killed all of them. He does say some things though. He says, I believe, like we have our best people on the team and that everyone in the room gets a text that just says wrong that's a wrong question or exclamation mark and then later he says um oh later there's a woman in the audience who asks if these suicides are linked how do we know they're not murder and then the the man responds saying well they're obviously suicides just the manner like the pills were obviously self-administered and then he says like In short, or the woman asks, like, how can we prevent this from happening? And he almost brushes it off saying, well, don't commit suicide. And then he says something along the lines of, I'm paraphrasing, but you guys, everyone is as safe as they want to be. And then again, everyone gets a text saying, rock. And that's the third time that that text is sent. And then a text is sent to only the man who was speaking. Oh, I'm not sure if I remember what it said, but it was signed SH, which we can assume is Sherlock Holmes. Let's see, and then... I believe we go to... go back to Watson, which was the man who had the nightmare earlier, and he's walking around what looks like a university area. He meets this other guy. I'm not exactly sure what his role either but this older man and they sit and talk for a while they're having coffee oh I never mentioned earlier but so Watson he has a his leg is injured so he walks with a cane and with a bit of a limp but yeah so he and this man that he met are now sitting on a bench just talking There's another scene where we see Sherlock. The scene opens with the camera as if the camera was a cadaver. So the camera is like looking up and Watson unzips the bag and then is looking down at the camera. And that's when we first see him. Or, sorry, Sherlock unzips it, looks down, that's when we first see him. And he has this other, there's this other lady with him, assuming, or I'm assuming she's an assistant. So, uh, we see him take, like, I'm not sure what it's called, like one of those paddle things and, like, wax this body pretty furiously for quite a while. He says something about, like, checking how the bruises form to his assistant and then she, uh, starts to ask him for coffee. He interrupts her saying that she had put on lipstick. She looks embarrassed, but then ends up finishing asking if he wants coffee. And then he says yes, he goes up to his lab where he's working on something. It looks like he's using like a pipette or something to work with fluids. He delivers to him his coffee and he makes a remark that she now has removed her lipstick. And she again looks kind of embarrassed or something about it not working out for her. says something along the lines of, oh, like it was an improvement or something. Your lips look small now. And then she leaves. She's not here. While this was happening, he had just met Watson. So Watson and his friend from earlier approached Sherlock in his lab. And maybe one of the first things Sherlock says to Watson is, so what was it, Iraq or Afghanistan? So he immediately knows that Watson was an army doctor. He makes some mention of that later also saying like, I know you're an army doctor. It's revealed that Sherlock is looking for a flatmate and this mutual friend is now going to introduce Watson to Sherlock in hopes that Watson will be a suitable roommate for Watson. So that happens. Sherlock asks for mutual friend's phone and he doesn't have it so Watson offers up his. Sherlock appears to send a text or something through his phone and then before those two leave, meaning Watson and his friend, Sherlock says meet me at this address 221B Baker Street, I think, because that's where his flat is going to be. And then Watson kind of says something along the lines of, well, we don't even know each other. And then Sherlock starts listing things. He says that Watson was an army doctor in Afghanistan and that he's not close to his brother. His brother recently walked out of a marriage or something, or is an alcoholic or both. Watson looks very confused, or shocked, I guess, at this. Then, um, he leaves. So, um, and then, I believe we see the two of them now, and they, um, get, or, they are entering what we can assume is Sherlock's flat. Um, there's another lady, the landlord, um, I forgot her name, but she's also there with him and greets them both. We see that Sherlock's flat is a complete mess. There's books, things, there's a skull poster on the wall, there's another actual skull sitting above the fireplace. The kitchen's a mess, looks like there's lots of chemistry lab equipment on there. But yeah, so then they go into there, and they talk for a little bit. Sherlock, he makes some comments to his landlady about having her make him tea or clean out the kitchen or something along those lines and she kind of protests saying I'm not a housekeeper, I'm the landlord here. They talk about the three linked suicides and we popped up in the newspaper. And then while they're talking about it, Sherlock looks out the window and says, well, now it's four. So somehow he sees a police car and just immediately knows that it's that means that there has been another suicide. Oh, yeah. So before the scene, there's another one of those like unclear, fuzzy suicide scenes where we see a woman with bright red nails reaching for, yet again, that same pill bottle with those pills in it. And then so we can assume that she committed suicide in the same manner. So So back to the Sherlock flat scene. He's looking out the window and he says, this time it's unusual though, number 4 is different. So not long after he says this, there's a man who comes up the stairs to Sherlock's flat. I'll call him the police investigator from here on out, just for clarity's sake. So the police man He doesn't even say anything to Sherlock, I don't think. Before Sherlock says, like, um, like, what's different about this case? And then he asks why, like, why do you think something's different? And then Sherlock says, well, if there wasn't anything different, you wouldn't have come to be, um, something along those lines. And then, um, the police man says, uh, they, you know how they never leave a note? They left a note. So, um, he, leaves after or no he asked Sherlock will you come and then Sherlock kind of not showing he says like I'll be out behind you and then so the policeman leaves um Sherlock is suddenly like bursts out he's really excited he says this is so much fun and um quickly goes after him um so now the flat is just the landlady and Watson left and then um Watson asked for tea and biscuits and the landlady says to him what she said earlier to Sherlock about not being a housekeeper. Sherlock now reappears really quickly, and then there's like a witty exchange between him and Watson. Sherlock says, um, you're a doctor, I'm sure you've seen lots of, like, gruesome, violent things, and then Watson says, yeah, like, more than enough, more than you can imagine, and then Sherlock says, wants to see more, and then Watson replies affirmatively, and those two go to the scene of the crime. On the way there, they have a conversation in the cab where Watson asks Sherlock how he knew everything about Watson having an estranged brother who left his wife, or is alcoholic, and how he knew that he was an army doctor from Afghanistan. So Sherlock explains everything. I didn't catch every little detail he said, but even the little, like he says the way that Watson walked, the scratches on his phone, the fact that his phone was hand-me-down, and the engraving on the back of his phone. And so Watson is very thoroughly oppressed, and Sherlock is almost surprised by that because he said that most people get angry. And then as they're leaving the cab, Watson, or Sherlock asks Watson what he got wrong. And then, so Watson starts listing off everything exactly as Sherlock had said it. And Sherlock was pleasantly surprised, saying like, wow, for once I got everything right. And then Watson says, well, Harry is short for Harriet. So Sherlock was actually wrong about the gender of Watson's sibling. It wasn't his brother. It was his sister. So they arrive at the scene of the crime. There's police tape everywhere. It's at night. There's police cars, the sirens. It looks like a pretty old run-down apartment building. The two are greeted by this lady. She's wearing like a peacoat and a skirt. And then there's some animosity between this lady and Sherlock. It seems like they've had some history of some sort. They don't like each other. She calls him the freak. And... Yeah, they're just like in a tense... in character there. He makes a comment about her not having come home last night and still wearing the same thing from the night before. And then so, they duck under. There's this guy named Anderson who comes out who we know does not get along too well with Sherlock. Maybe he doesn't quite believe in his abilities, detective abilities. So Anderson says some snarky things to him. I don't remember exactly what. And Sherlock makes a comment about the lady spending the night with Anderson because of the cologne that he could smell or something. And then also makes a comment about her knees, implying that there was some sexual relationship going on. And so then he, meaning Sherlock and Watson, enter the building.