 Tonight, a story by Frederick Pohl. Tunnel Under the World. On the morning of June 15, Guy Burkhart woke up screaming. It was more real than any dream he had ever had in his life. He could still hear and feel that sharp metal ripping explosion, that searing wave of heat. He sat up. Mary. Mary. Mary! Mary! Where are you? God, wrong. You're trembling. Where were you? In the kitchen, cooking breakfast. What is it? I don't know. A dream, I guess. An explosion. Did you say an explosion? Yes. But that's the dream I had. What? I dreamed there was a big explosion, and then something sort of hit me on the head. Holy smokes, baby. Maybe there really was some sort of explosion and it started us dreaming. Well, there'll be an explosion down at your office if you don't hurry and get to work. Coming in on the bus, Burkhart watched to see if there was any evidence of an explosion. There wasn't. If anything, the town looked better than ever. The only thing that seemed strange to him was the fact that none of the usual crowd was on the bus. He was a little relieved when his old pal, Henry Swanson, finally got on. Excuse me. Henry! Pardon me, sir. Henry, what's the matter with you? It's me, Guy Burkhardt Burkhardt? Sorry, I don't believe we've met What? Henry, for Pete's sake, it's me If you'll excuse me, this is my stop Well, I'll be... How do you like that? Guy Burkhardt got off in front of the gigantic Contro Chemical building Took the elevator to the 98th floor Where he had worked in the accounting department for 12 years It wasn't until he was almost at his floor that he realized the speaker was not playing the usual commercials. The answer to your problems is a feckle freezer. Feckle freezers are better. Morning, Miss Horne. Good morning, Mr. Burkhardt. Well, new hairdo, I see, huh? Why, yes. Do you like it? It makes a lot of difference in your appearance. Mr. Barth in? No, sir. He had an appointment with Mr. Dorchin of the Human Research Institute. Today? Today? But today's the 15th of June. He has to sign the quarterly statement. He said he wouldn't be in. Huh. That's mighty peculiar. Yes, sir. Oh, by the way, Miss Horne, what the devil is a feckle freezer? A feckle freezer? There's some new copy on the elevator commercial. Dorch must have landed another account. Feckle freezers. I really don't know, Mr. Burkhardt. It's a funny day. Can't quite put my finger on it, but there's something strange going on. He couldn't shake the thought out of his mind. It persisted all through the day and through dinner. He was still brooding as he and Mary got ready for bed. Tired, dear? Hmm? Oh, no. Anything wrong? I don't know. Well, I guess I'll get a good night's sleep. Coming? I think I'll sit up and read for a while. Good night, darling. Night, dear. At exactly midnight, Guy Burkhardt lapsed into a sudden, deep sleep. And the following morning, he woke up screaming. Darling, what is it? What's wrong? Oh, nothing. Bad dream, I guess. You gave me such a shock. I seem to be having a lot of nightmares lately. Really? Yes, the one I had yesterday. This was the same. A big explosion and then nothing. You had a dream yesterday? Well, of course I did. You had the same sort of dream. I? Guy, you're mistaken. I don't remember dreaming. Oh, now, Mary, you told me. Guy, you're mistaken. But, Mary, you... Maybe you dreamed I had a dream. Maybe... Oh, yes, I might have done that, I suppose. Everything did seem sort of strange yesterday. Oh, that's probably it. You better get dressed, dear. Today's the 15th. That's when the quarterly statement... 15th? Yes. Well, it must have been a dream because yesterday was the 15th. Guy Burkhart got up, dressed, ate breakfast, and took the usual bus to work. Once again, everything seemed even brighter and newer than usual. And once again, he was puzzled when he noticed none of the old crowd on the bus. Pardon me, please. Look, don't shove so. Oh, morning, Henry. Morning. For God's sake, don't talk to me. What is it? Are you being followed or something? Don't you know? I was sure you remembered. Remembered what? I can't talk. This is my stuff. Will you excuse me, please? Henry, Henry, for Pete's sake. As in yesterday's dream, Guy Burkhart got off at his stop and took the elevator to the 98th floor. The speaker in the elevator purred a new commercial this time. They're sanitized. Does your present cigarette make your throat feel raspy and unpleasant? Marlin cigarettes contain a miraculous new drug which actually gives you the sensation of smooth, creamy smoke. Marlins, cigarette. Marlins. He walked down the marble corridor to his office. Good morning, Mr. Burkhardt. Good morning, Miss Horne. Do you like my new hairdo? Uh, yes. Is Mr. Barth in? No, sir. He had an appointment with Mr. Dorton at the Research Institute. I know. You know? Well, I guessed it anyway. And today is the 15th of June, and he won't be here to sign the quarterly statement, and I'm going nuts. Let me have a cigarette, will you? Yes, sir. Try one of these. They're Marlins. I've never heard of Marlins before today. What are we, a bunch of guinea pigs? Something wrong, Mr. Burkhardt? Wrong? Perish the thought, Miss Horne. Perish the thought. He went to his desk and stared at the mail. Before he opened it, he knew that the factory distributor's envelope contained an order for 12 new electronic computers. He knew that the development journal contained an article about a new method of transprinting selective brain circuits of human engineers onto the electric brain circuits of robot engineers to facilitate the operation of automatic factories. He knew that there was a complaint from Feinbeck and Sons about the Controchemicals' newest household robot circuit. After a long while, he forced himself to open them. They were exactly as he suspected. Hello? What is it? Remember what? Just remember. All right, now listen, Henry. Let's stop playing games. Yesterday, either I was dreaming or you stubbed me on the bus. Today, the same thing happened. What is it you want? Who may be watching? Swanson! Hello! You buzzed Mr. Bearcar? Yes, I'm still out of cigarettes, sir. Would you buy me a pack of Kelvins? Wouldn't you rather have Marlins? I smoke Kelvins. But, Mr. Burkhardt, Marlins have that soft, creamy smoke that's so soothing to your throat. Oh, do you really believe that stuff? Well, it's true. I wouldn't say this, Mr. Burkhardt, except that, well, I've gotten to know you pretty well, and I've grown to admire you so much. I see. Would you mind, Mr. Burkhardt, if I told you that for months now I've wanted to, well, comfort you? I know how troubled you've been. Well, you've never mentioned your feelings before, Miss Horne. April. My first name's April. Oh, that's a pretty name. You see, I do have your welfare at heart. That's why when I see you smoking Kelvins and I know Marlins are so much better, Won't you let me buy some of them for you, huh? Suppose so. Why not? Here, bring me a carton. Oh, thank you, Mr. Bickle. Guy. I, uh, I think you ought to go. I'll be back. There was something wrong. Something definitely peculiar about what was happening. The call from Henry Swanson. The strange behavior of his secretary, Miss Horn. These new products, the dream. Guy Burkhart went home that night feeling like a man in a nightmare. Is that you, dear? It's me. Did you have a good day? Fair. Oh, before you sit down, will you go down in the cellar and put in a new fuse? The switch in the hall closet blew out. I shut it off. Okay. Supper will be ready in a minute, so don't start fooling around with that old boat hull you've been building. I won't. Mary! Come down here. Hurry up. What is it? I don't know. I'm not sure. I was looking for a fuse, and I thought maybe I'd drop one under the boathouse, so I scratched around. Look. Let me put the flashlight on it. Well? Look at the floor. What about the floor? It's supposed to be cement. Well? Well, it's copper. There's a thin layer of cement, but underneath it's metal. Look here. Underneath the concrete, more metal. And here on the wall. You see? Metal. A little under the floor, behind the walls, every place. Well, I don't really understand. Mary, I know this sounds crazy, but somebody, for reasons I can't even begin to guess, has taken this house and replaced it with a clever imitation. Guy! Mary, I'm going to look around a little more. Well, your dinner will be ready in a minute. All right, save it for me. There are a couple of things I've got to figure out. The following morning, Guy Burkhardt woke up screaming. He dragged himself into the kitchen where his wife, Mary, was preparing breakfast and discovered it was still June 15th. Mary, where's the morning paper? Where is it? It's outside the door, I guess. June 15th. You'd better hurry, dear. Today's the day Mr. Barth fills out the quarterly tax return. Oh, no, it isn't. Why? He won't be there. He'll get a meeting with that crackpot Dorchin at the Human Research Institute. Mr. Dorchin? He'll be there. And Miss Horne will have a new hairdo and the elevator will be selling some new product and Swanson... What about Swanson? Swanson, he said... I wonder if it's going to be the same today, or whether... Guy, what in the world are you talking about? Nothing, never mind. Where's my coat? You haven't had any breakfast yet. I don't want to miss my bus. I'll see you tonight. Guy Burkhart got on his bus. There were the same unfamiliar faces, the same unusually new-looking buildings, the same unusually bright sunshine. And on the customary corner, Henry Swanson, pale and furtive, climbed aboard. Excuse me, sir. It's quite all right. Do you remember the phone call? Yes. Oh, thank heaven. Get off at the next corner and follow me. Where are you going? There's an excavation for a building about a block down. Make sure you aren't followed. I'll go first. Burkhart. Here, behind the fence. All right, now, Henry, what's this all about? I'm not sure. At first I thought perhaps they were Russians. Now I'm beginning to think they're Martians. No humans could have accomplished what they've accomplished. Now, wait a minute. Let's start from the beginning, Henry. What's going on? Look, Burkhart, peculiar things have been happening to you, right? Yes. A lot of your friends are missing. Your house seems changed. There's something stranger than that. The date. Today is June 15th. Yet I could swear yesterday was June 15th and the day before that. You got it, friend. It's always June 15th. And you and I are the only ones who know it. But why, Henry? How? I'm not sure. I think it's some sort of mass hypnosis or something. Well, why doesn't it work for us? My wife, Mary, doesn't remember a thing. Somehow, when it happened, they missed us. We were protected from the full force of the rays or whatever they used. Burkhart, where were you on the night of the 14th, about midnight? Let me see. That was Sunday night. Yes. Yeah, I was down in the cellar under the boat I'm building. I was in my darkroom developing some pictures. This just doesn't make any sense to me Russians, Martians What makes you think that? I've seen them Where? At the end of the tunnel What tunnel? The one they built under Tylertown A tunnel under Tylertown? Yes, that's right It's made out of copper or some alloy Copper? Wait a minute I found a copper layer under my cellar floor last night So did I That's how I discovered it I found a way to get in, too It's at the bottom of this excavation Holy mackerel. Henry, why don't we tell the police? Because we can't trust them. Even the police may be Martians in disguise. Oh, come on. Are you being melodramatic? Oh, am I? Well, you just come with me. Where? Into the tunnel. I'll show you. Henry Swanson led Guy Burkhart to a small hole on the side of the excavation. There he removed a cut-out piece of metallic substance and they crawled into a dimly lighted tunnel. They walked for what seemed like two miles until Swanson held his finger to his lips. We've got to be quiet now. Henry, this is fantastic. They've got a tunnel right under the whole town. Oh, you haven't seen anything yet. There's a room a little farther down. We'll be able to look through a glass in the door. Is it safe? It's perfectly safe, unless one of them comes along. Come on. Okay. Here. Burkhardt, look through this glass. Now, just so I know I'm not completely insane, tell me what you see. Good Lord. Well, a tremendous panel with dozens of telescreens. And in front of each of them is a servo robot. They seem to be computing something. Yes, I've watched. They're evaluating data from the screens. Have you gotten a chance to look at the data on those screens? No. I've been afraid to go in. There might be a warning circuit somewhere. Well, if we knew what those robots were working on, we could go to the authorities. I'll risk it if you will. All right, it's worth a chance. We're lost anyway. Okay. Open the door. So far, so good. Come on. Let's take a look at that data. But don't interfere with the robots. Don't worry. Here, let's look at this screen. Listen to this. Tests in the 47K12 group with Marlon cigarettes pulled 80% using the soft feminine approach. Indications are that an extension of this approach would influence at least 70% nationwide. The direct elevator pitch pulled only 10%. This should be abandoned, and a new series of high-persuasion personal elements introduced. Henry, do you know what this means? I haven't the faintest idea. I don't blame you. This is crazy, but it fits the facts when I think about it. Do you know who's behind this? Martians? No, not Martians, Henry. Humans. What? Humans who are interested in developing the perfect propaganda machine. What? I don't know who they are or how they've done it, but somehow they've taken Tyler Town over. Hypnosis. Hypnosis, drugs, maybe some kind of array or something. However they do it, what happens is that they let us live through a single day. During that day, they pour all kinds of suggestions and propaganda into us. At the end of the day, they evaluate the results, see how we've reacted. And at midnight, they wash the day out of our minds, and the next morning, we start the same day over again with different stimuli. Do you know what that means, Henry? Henry, suppose one man learned how to influence people 100%. Why, in a year, he could sell us anything from freezers to political candidates. Wait a minute. We're guinea pigs, Henry. This whole community is one big test tube for Dorchen's propaganda research. Burkhardt, what do we do? I don't know, but somehow we've got to get out of this town and get to the FBI. Oh, do you think we can? It's worth a try. Come on. Wait. What is it? Look through the door. There's somebody coming down the tunnel. We've got to hide. Behind the circuit box. Shh. Good Lord, it's Dorjan, the head of the Research Institute. Shh, quiet. All right, Burkhardt, come out. We know you're in this room. Miss Horne has informed us that you remember. I must warn you that it's useless to buck us. Come out peacefully. Let our maintenance crew adjust you properly so you don't remember from one experiment to the next. It will be quite painless. If you don't come out peacefully, we'll have to get you. Henry, take this wrench. When I give the word, jump in. But he may be armed. We've got nothing to lose. Very well. I'm coming after you. Burkhart, I've killed him. Now wait. Get his coat unbuttoned. Maybe his heart is still beating. Henry! What is it? What's wrong? Look underneath his coat. Heaven help us. It's a robot. A humanoid robot. Designed to look like Dorchin. Come on, let's get out of here. Wait. What's that? The loudspeaker. I told you it was useless, gentlemen. Who are you? Mr. Dorchin, naturally. The real Mr. Dorchin. What are you trying to do to us? Merely trying to prevent you from damaging my experiment, gentlemen. You can't get away with this, Dorchin. Sooner or later, somebody, the FBI or somebody, is going to get wind of this madness. Really, Burkhart, you're quite naive. Now, why not be reasonable and let the maintenance crews adjust you? And if I refuse, I suppose you'll kill me That would be quite impossible Oh? You see, Burkhardt, you're already dead Dead? You're shocked It's quite true You and everyone else in this town were killed by a premature atomic blast at the Contro Chemical Plant The blast occurred at 7 a.m. on June 15th That is the last thing imprinted on your minds. That is why you wake up screaming each morning. No, it isn't true. But it is. What I and my associates did was take the brain circuits from your dead bodies. We stored them in electrochemical batteries till we had a chance to rebuild the cities and begin our tests. Do you think I believe a fantastic tale like that? I imagine you find it incredible. Of course, we didn't rebuild everything exactly. After all, it only has to last for a single day. June 15th. At midnight, we turn off the power and wash out the memory of the day. You and your friend Swanson, unfortunately, have defective circuits. You remember. Burkhart, it's no use. We're trapped. Give up. No, not me. What can we do? We can make a run for it down the tunnel. Come on. It's useless, Burkhart. Keep going. It's useless. Useless. Useless. Now, this door is open. It opens. Oh, no No, I don't believe it Swanson, look They were standing on a ledge of smooth, finished metal At their feet, the ledge dropped away into a chasm so deep They could not see the bottom Beyond was only a glare so bright That their eyes could not stand to look into it And yet, just at the limit of their vision Something towered. Something so huge it was almost inconceivable. Something. Yes? This is Dorchen. Now do you understand why it's useless? The great looming figure moved closer. It seemed to take shape now. And yet it was so gigantic as to be unbelievable. It came closer. The glare was partially blocked. And then, Guy Burkhardt knew that the towering shape was none other than Dorchin himself. You see how I did it, Burkhardt? I took your brain circuits and had them reduced so they could be transferred to tiny humanoid mannequins. That's what you are, Burkhardt, a tiny miniature of yourself. and this city, this whole experiment I'm conducting, is built on a tabletop. It was the morning of June 15, and Guy Burkhardt woke up out of a dream, screaming. This is Los Angeles, and it's the height of summer. In a small bungalow off La Cienega, Clara serves homemade chili and chips in red plastic bowls, wine in blue plastic. The colors don't match, and the cups are too big to serve wine. You didn't get half the things on my list, she hisses at Gary as he passes. He shrugs. No one seems to mind but her. Did you have to buy a $400 bottle of scotch? Gary waves away her upset. He seems distracted, guilty of something. She can tell by the way he avoids her. Clara looks at her face in the hallway mirror. She's 33 years old. She's slowly getting white hairs in her eyebrows. She feels completely alone. Grad students fill the low-ceiling space, chewing big words and gesticulating emphatically. Gary's face looks up from the photo his parents have framed in expensive mahogany. Elated, graduating, cap and gown and all. Toast and more toast. To our doctor of philosophy, amazing art prodigy, to Gary Loewesen. Clara's carefully-picked, happy-graduation-vapor banners hang too low from the adobe doors. People have to duck when they go in the kitchen. On the 74th in Columbus, apartment 9D, Stephen Perdue watches his wife get ready for her violin lesson. Black clothes, pearl necklace, her controlled, quiet elegance. We cannot ignore this. We should be vigilant, Stephen. Married eight years, he still can't believe his good luck. Stephen, are you listening? Yes, yes, he is listening. Sasha broke up with this guy, and now a missing ten sleeping pills. Oh, God, what is his daughter getting into again? We don't want a repeat of last year. There is an edge in Margaret's voice. This girl better grow up. She sounds cold, and he notices. Margaret pauses by the mirror, then touches her neck. She hates her age. She hates being Sasha's stepmother. You think I should talk to her, Maggie? Margaret turns and wraps her arms around Stephen's stoop frame. He looks much older than 50. She doesn't talk to me, Margaret whispers, so yes, I think you should do it. She stops. I'll be home late tonight, she adds. She wants Stephen to ask why, but he doesn't. The graduation party keeps going. Clara stares at her husband, once the most handsome man in the room. Gary's 35 and already balding. His face is liquor flushed as he bends over a four-month-old baby boy, son of friends, his friends, not hers. He has to hold the boy, and Clara's eyes melt. In an alternate universe, this boy would be theirs. Gary's awkward. The baby starts crying, and everyone laughs. You're not daddy material, man. Clara can see the back of Gary's neck, all red, embarrassed, but hiding it. She knows this neck, has studied it each night for 10 years, and Clara is suddenly filled with a need to protect him. She puts her hand on the small of his back, hoping he'd turn. The baby's father steps up. So, is it time to open that scotch? Clara, you're moving to New York too? Going where? Doing what? Clara looks at Gary, confused, and he smiles past her, to the crowd. He's basking in the glory of something. Tommy, the baby's father, looks at Clara's face and takes a step back. Oh man, did I blow the surprise? I'm so sorry. You guys are into bullshit drama again. I just like to sleep deeply these days, that's all. Sasha strides up to her dad and opens her palm. The ten white sleeping pills stare at him, an act of defiance. I certainly don't need you guys freaking out. Sasha watches her dad flush the pills down the toilet. He should have put them back in the pillbox. Of course Sasha's right, and now his gesture of closure feels stupid. He puts his hand on her shoulder, but she wiggles away. So how do you sleep these days, Dad? He turns on CNN. Have you told Margaret yet? Stephen stares at the TV in carnage. You haven't told my stepmother you lost all your money? That your stocks have all tanked? That I might have to drop out of college? On the TV, the Middle East, India, wars, earthquakes, crashes. Stephen sighs. There's no need to disturb Margaret. I'll figure it out. What do you want for your birthday, he asks. I want you to start telling the truth, says Sasha, and her voice for the first time is breaking. Your duplicity is so fucking exhausting. Clara stares at Jeannie She must be what, 25, 26 So in love with this baby Spitting up goo on her lap And then the moment they found out I was pregnant Tommy's parents swept in and erased all our debt All $10,000 in one check So we could start fresh and not stress Amazing, just amazing I love them That's great Jeannie, Clara musters You want to have kids? Asks Jeannie still pudgy from the birth so full of life and good cheer not yet Clara says stiffly can't afford it for one Jeannie looks up expecting more of an answer I don't really like modern art installation art I don't really get it admits Jeannie Tommy says it's an incredible opportunity for Gary a chance to create his own site-specific piece downtown in New York we'll see Clara says she hates Gary for making her the killjoy. She takes out more bottles of wine from the cupboard. People pat her on the back. You must be so proud of him, Clara. She doesn't care anymore how much wine she'll serve. At least one bottle per person these days. Inside the cab, Margaret holds on to her violin case. All the way down Columbus, okay? She gives the instructions in a pleasant, stiff voice and pulls out her cell. She cancels her violin lesson. The cab driver's eyes keep checking her out. She pauses, hits voicemail. Alexandra's accent purrs in her ear. He's waiting for her. So what's eating you, princess? asks the cab driver. He's sick. His turban blocks her view of the asphalt. Whatever it is, tell your husband. Don't keep the stuff in. That's what gives people cancer. Alexander's name vibrates on her phone. Margaret texts him instead. I'm running a few minutes late. The eyes of the cab driver is still there in the mirror. Do you have children, princess? She shakes her head no without thinking, and then she's terrified by what she's done, denying Sasha's existence. But it's too late to undo it. You look like someone who should, says the cab driver, and is quiet the rest of the way. She pays with a twenty as they pull by the fountain and hates herself because, as if to prove him right, she overtips. No art residencies for us, Jeannie laughs and nods at the gurgling boy on her lap. Tommy struts in, dangling his scotch by his crotch. He holds a cracker piled with overripe brie and jelly, shoves it in his wife's mouth. She thankfully chews like a chipmunk. His black faded t-shirt walks towards the kitchen. I'm an existentialist fatalist, it boasts. Then he ducks. The congratulations sign still hits him on the back. One more, Tommy, please. She's never losing the baby weight that way, Clara thinks. But who the fuck cares? She's young. Clara looks at the baby who's drooling over his hands and walks out of the room. How could you do this to me, Clary hisses at Gary. When did you find out about New York? When did you even apply? Anger and humiliation are drowning her breath, and probably a touch too much wine. But Gary is giddy and thrilled and sees nothing wrong with their lives. Baby, be proud, he laughs. It's just for a year. We'll work it out. And what is so sad, he really believes this. Alexander and Margaret walk down Broadway. Margaret feels beautiful. I quit my Wall Street job three months ago. I'm taking violin lessons for fun, she adds. Alexander doesn't respond. And Stephen took early retirement. He did very well with investments. She can hear the pride in her voice, and she stops. Praising your private life to a lover, even a former lover, feels wrong. But she's doing it. Stephen's a therapist now. Alexander laughs. An ex-banker who listens to people's pain for a hobby. I thought you wanted a kid. Isn't that why you married? She's quiet for a second. Sasha's been a bit of a handful. When she says it, it feels lame. She took a year off, did some great journalism in West Africa, but after she came back... Alexander stops in front of a storefront. He's not paying attention. Margaret braces herself. Why did you call me? she asks. He turns, smiles at her. She's scared to say more, and somehow she's also excited. Margaret's phone vibrates in her purse. She knows it's Stephen, and she doesn't look. I don't want to go back to New York, Clara says quietly. The dishes from last night are still in the sink. Gary has a meeting with his advisors to discuss the internship. Of course he's late, and now the dishes won't be done until this evening. Crusted chili, soap, bubbles, scrub. She's shopped and cooked and served, and now dishes again. I'll do them later, Clara. Don't fuss, Gary says as he flips over Tupperware, newspapers looking. You've seen my wallet? How long is this internship, Gary? September to June? Without getting paid? I can't afford to float this whole place by myself. Gary heads to the door. I'm sure you can be a journalist in New York too, but she just signed her contract here and he knows it. We should have talked this move through before you applied, he laughs. You would have talked me out of it. For a moment, he looks like a boy, getting caught and standing up in defiance, almost charming, but he's 35. What's good for me, Clara, is also good for us. That certainly used to be true. Is it now? Alexander pays for their hot dogs with crumpled up dollar bills he pulls out of his pocket. New York is the best. I'm so glad to be back. The last eight years have been good to him. He still has a cat in his step. My new apartment looks great, Maggie, he says. You'll see. I'll bet you'll want to move in. Is this a come online? She catches a glimpse of herself in a window and is suddenly aware she should have colored her hair. New York is very glad you're back, she says. The hot dog mustard drips on her blouse. Alexander clears it, licks his finger and smiles. His eyes land on hers as she waits for his words. I need you to connect me with your former colleagues on Wall Street, he says. We're working on a major piece on international corruption. It's Pulitzer-worthy. Margaret is so aware of her aging neck. That's why he called. A little networking opportunity. That's what this meeting is. She touches her neck. She wants to protect herself. She wants to hide. Alexander hands Margaret his card. Have Sasha call me, he says. I'm looking for interns and she sounds like a catch. Here is your lunch. Leftovers in blue Tupperware. We're postponing our lives, Gary. What about getting a job? Between looking for keys and slipping on flip-flops, Gary sets the Tupperware on the mail table and forgets it. She doesn't remind him. The door closes. She stares at it. Next to the Tupperware, she sees the envelope from American Express, Gary's business account. She takes his lunch and tosses it in the trash. Whole Tupperware. then picks it out, opens it, tries it. Cold chili. Her eyes find his wallet right by the couch. $400 for scotch. She shoves chili in her mouth without stopping. Is New York worth the fight? Every bit of bean, every bit of rice. It's all comfort now and then it's all guilt. Across town Gary sits at his art studio, drawing photo prints, moldy coffee cups. He knows it's in him, the it, the something, the drive. He sits paralyzed under the light. He's losing her. He is losing his wife. He looks at his phone. He should call Clara, but he doesn't. Margaret re-enters the apartment in a horrible mood. She can hear loud yelling from the back. Stephen yells at a man. At 10 o'clock at night. What the hell? The super is fighting with Stephen. There's a horrible leak. The ceiling in Sasha's room is caved in. The super is yelling, no one told him about the damn leak. Stephen's upset there might be asbestos. Sasha seems weirdly amused. Margaret walks away from this mess and into the living room, pours herself a large glass of red wine. Sasha walks in with a mop. Margaret turns, glass in hand. How could you not notice a huge leak right over your head? Sasha just shrugs. It's not my fault the building is old. I'm serious, Sasha. How can you be so checked out? Sasha's voice is annoyingly calm. I don't want to pick a fight with you, Margaret. You want to get drunk? Just get drunk. Her stepdaughter looks at her with cold eyes. Where the hell have you been? You've got mustard stains all over your blouse. We were trying to reach you. When the phone rings, Clara's throwing up. She catches her breath. Make sure to clean everything well. Underneath the toilet seat, too. Always check that before she calls back. It's her mom. You want me to send you some money? No, Mama, we're good. Gary got a job yet? He should have stayed designing those greeting cards. He was good at that. I still find them at Walmart. The way her mom says that, it could be ultimate praise or ultimate scorn. That reminds Clara she has a card to send. It's August 18th. She still remembers the address by heart. Ready for work? Almost, Mama. You hold on to that job. A staff job is not easy to get. I'm really proud of you, baby. You still want the name of that lawyer? Mr. Zimler's the best. He won't overcharge. Clara closes her eyes. That was one conversation in thousands. but her mom won't forget. I'm not ready to throw away the last 10 years of my life. The moment she snaps, she regrets it. Gary and I are sticking it out. Stephen can hear their agitated voices full of anger. He tries his best at brokering peace. Can I get you guys water? He calls to the back. He stands in his pajamas by the light of the open fridge. He can hear Margaret's voice rising high. Sasha, if you're in trouble, you have to tell us. Sasha storms in. Get your wife off my back. I'll handle it, Maggie. There's nothing to handle here, Dad. She's just fixating on me. My boyfriend just ditched. I'm upset. I'm simply upset. What's wrong with being upset? You're the therapist, no? You tell me. Is there something wrong if I'm upset? She's yelling now. Margaret stands by the door. Upset is one thing, she says. Stealing pills is another. I didn't steal your damn sleeping pills. I am not my mother, okay? I don't want to die. Do you want me to sign a statement or something? I am not my mother. I'm not. Stephen moves to hug Sasha. Margaret steps back and exits the room. She wants to go far away. She takes her violin case, puts it inside the closet, and then she mops the floor. Next time you blink, Clara, you'll be throwing away the last 20 and then 25 years of your life. Her mom's voice is flat steel. I love you, Mama, says Clara. When her father died, Gary sat next to her mother for days holding her hand. He's better at grieving. Ten years together. The lawyer's name is John Zimler. He's a great divorce lawyer. I'll send you the number, says her mother before she hangs up. In Clara's closet, there's a huge stack of Gary's greeting cards, meticulously drawn. Worlds within worlds, creatures of the woods and of the seas, flying, flying. She chooses one in shades of purple and green. She writes, happy 21st birthday, sweetie. Oh, God. She tears up the card, picks up another. Happy 21st birthday. She replaces sweetie with a number of exclamation marks. Exos, too. Neutral, yet warm. More exos. She doesn't know what else to say. Never expects a response. But today she adds one more line. Let me know how you are. She regrets it. Stephen comes home for lunch carrying a bunch of colorful foam tubes. He uses them to help patients move through aggression. We'll have a family session. It will help us all loosen up. Margaret rolls her eyes. There are more pressing issues than foam fights. The ceiling leak in Sasha's room has spread. The room is a wreck covered in tarps. Margaret sets up for Sasha to sleep in the living room. She opens the pull-out couch, uses 800 thread sheets to make it feel nice. Stephen just stands at the doorframe eating his lean cuisine from the box. Blood rushes to Margaret's head, and then she says it all in one breath. I want to go back to work. His eyes get strangely alarmed. Did Sasha say anything about you having to go back to work? Margaret shakes her head. It's just, without work, I feel old. Why does Stephen seem so relieved? She finds herself getting angry. There's nothing funny about feeling old. Stephen puts down his lunch. To me, you look more striking than ever, he says. Then he waits, and Margaret almost cries, because she knows that he means it. Gary is on the attack, and she hates him. We came to L.A. because of you, Clara. You fucked up, and I picked up the pieces. You were running away. Clara's heart is pounding. Don't drag that stuff in. We need income, Gary. So you work harder now, pull more weight, then I will. Fuck you. The words are out now, spite flying. I am a staff writer, Gary. I don't make the big bucks. Maybe you should use your talents for something more lucrative. They face off, bitterness nesting. He leans close with my kindness. Why don't you want to come back to New York? Maybe you'll find a Wall Street man to marry or cheat with. I made one mistake in my life, she hisses, and you won't let me forget. Is this the one? Is this the fight to undo them? You want to go to New York? Go ahead, Gary, she says. I'll keep growing up. You go ahead and act out. He's already left the room as she yells. You ask your parents for money if you want to go to New York. I'm not paying for any of that. I don't want you to go back to Wall Street, Maggie, says Stephen. You need to do something you love. I want you to be brave. They're making Sasha's bed on the pull-out couch, new sheets, a festive Indian bedspread. Enjoy your music. Relax, he pauses. Let's revisit the child question if you want. You know that ship has sailed, Margaret says simply. She takes out Alexander's card, her voice all business. There's an opportunity for Sasha. Alexander Sikora, my old journalist friend is back in New York. Did I ever meet Alexander? I dated him once, she says without meeting his eye. He's looking for interns. Stephen smiles. She'll love it. Margaret hands him Alexander's card. Sasha won't call him if she thinks it's my lead. Why don't you suggest it? Stephen nods, pulls Margaret close. I will, and then we'll get you a job that you love. Margaret looks at her husband of eight years. I really wish we'd had a child when we met, she says quietly. I really wish we'd been brave. Clara puts the birthday card in an envelope and walks out into the night. What if she kept walking and just ran away? The mailbox door creaks and the cool air feels good. Back at the house, Gary's upstairs, left the lights on, their bottles of wine, his and hers. His is done, hers almost. Clara returns to the kitchen, mindless tidying, until she finds their joint Amex card. Messy torn envelope among messy papers. The charges are for photographic equipment and new luggage and a ticket. Only one ticket, one way to New York. Expensive clothes and a fancy hotel in Tribeca. It's the price tag that gets her. He sits up in bed, all defenses. You've got to spend money to make money. But you're not making any money. I'll pay for it. Like you said, I'll ask my parents. What a mess you've made. Stop talking. Just stop talking, Clara. She stares at the number. $36,000 in the last two months. She feels she can't breathe. This is half her salary. Alexander's third martini arrives with dessert. He hands Sasha the olives. She shakes her head no. Piac's disappointed. I thought you liked risks. She likes this man. He's fun. So, when do I start? It's funny how you look just like Margaret, he suddenly says. Sasha licks the chocolate off her spoon. We all look alike. My mother, me, Margaret. Alexander waves for the check. You look like her, but you're nothing like her. You're not a girl who likes playing safe. Of course, that can get you in trouble. A shadow crosses her eyes. Did my dad tell you why I took a year off? I got addicted to prescription pills. She holds on to the candle between them. I'm glad you told me, says Alexander. I don't believe in lies. You tell me a truth, then. Her voice takes Alexander by surprise. I'd like to show you my apartment, he says. Sasha reaches for his martini glass. I'll be 21 next month and no one is looking. Thirty-six thousand dollars. Clara is scared. She hates Gary. And in a flash, she wishes him dead. She walks to the living room. She should sleep on the couch. Once in New York, when Gary lost their money in the stock market, he slept in the closet. She turns on a light, terrified of being alone. Defeated, tormented, pacing, then hating herself more than him. She crawls back to their room in their bed, desperate to recapture his smell. She spoons him, her face in his neck. Gary, please. And then his cell rings. When people hear someone has died, they cover their mouths, as if to protect their own breath. Gary does that. Oh, my God. And that's how she knows. It's Jeannie and Tommy's baby, he says. They've found him in his crib. He's gone. Gary reaches and holds her. Clara leans on his chest. Gary holds Clara's hand and will not let it go. I'm so glad you're here, he whispers. Their palms are sweaty. That's how they find comfort. Together. In Alexandra's apartment, the bathroom door is all glass. Frosted glass. Sasha's self-conscious as she locks it behind her. The bathroom, white granite. Hasn't been cleaned for a while. She puts in her diaphragm. Alexandra's shadow stops outside the door. Red or white? She tries to think of something sassy but says, Red, thanks, then adds, My own glass. The sex is violent, harsh. Getting too old for this, he sucks in his breath. In the darkness, he whispers, You've got this strange power. You make me do things, admit things. Maybe you know. She shrugs in the dark. you don't know margaret and i we were lovers who ended it she did he says she was about to marry your dad i was jealous the richness of silence she moves on him slow as if doing nothing until he can't help but moan not thinking just moving relentless triumphant gary chooses a gorgeous funeral wreath. All orchids, all elegance. Clara doesn't ask about the price, nodding yes, of course, the best for their friends. How does a baby die? When you're not looking, babies die. At church, the congregation is numb. Grad students, pulled from their studios, rub swollen eyes. There's no one to blame in a crib death. The service is short. Clara keeps looking at Jeannie, so frail she could break. Her family holds her. Tommy doesn't. Gary holds on to Tommy, leads the pack of bereaved friends to a bar. He's arranged for them to take over the back. Clara looks at him, proud. In this alternate universe, her husband's a leader, getting things done. Gary's hand on her arm, her pride rising, and then he puts everyone's drinks on their card. She looks at him, but everyone's looking too, so she smiles. He keeps hugging his friends, waving at grief like a column of smoke. No one knows what to say, so everyone drinks. Clara has lost track of time. Her phone rings, a call from her mom. She ignores it. The pull-out couch covered with the Indian bedspread is empty. It's 2 a.m., then 3, then 3.30. Margaret keeps sight-reading Bach's second violin concerto. Stephen walks out of their bedroom. Do you know where she is? I can't sleep. He looks so distraught. I always miss the signs, says Stephen. I don't listen until it's too late and then something horrible happens. Margaret closes her score. I'll wait up for her. But I always turn Sasha over to you, to her mom, to a nanny. She's almost 21, Margaret says quietly. The hard job is done. Stephen holds on to her. It's not just the boyfriend that has her messed up. She saw my bank statement. Margaret's blood leaves her body. Are we broke? We're not doing great. She waits for him to continue, but he doesn't. I need one of your sleeping pills, he says. Margaret reaches for his hand. Money comes, money goes, she says. We're both young. We can work, he looks at her. He doesn't feel young. but he's grateful. The bar is half dark, stinks of grief, sweat, and wine. Gary deserves so much better than you, Tommy's yelling at Clara. Why is Tommy yelling at her? You look through his mail, and you nag, and you make him feel small. Tommy's drunk and so angry his spit lands on Clara's black dress. What do you want from me, Tommy? He's up in her face. What do I want? She pushes him back with all of her strength. Tommy falls on the chairs and everyone screams. I want my child back. That's what I want. The crowd gathers around him. Clara finds Gary at the other end of the bar. She's shaking. He hasn't noticed a thing. Jeannie has. Please forgive him, Clara. I'm so sorry, says Clara. You can't save the ones that you love, Jeannie says, and she leaves. Gary drives them home, taking the turn off the highway so sharp she thinks he'll kill them. He's drunk. His eyes are half closed. After the car screeches back in control, Gary says just one line. Do you think they'll make it? At 3.30 a.m., Sasha wakes up feeling pain, jolted, forced. Alexander pushes her down. He wants flesh. When she lets him, he hisses. You are into danger. Maggie's right. What the fuck? She pushes him off her. Her fury overpowers his mass. You gossiped about me? In the glare of the lights, he looks flabby, unkempt. You take all your ex-lover's daughters to bed. Margaret isn't your mother. Don't get all hysterical. He pulls a towel around him. You should go. I'm not feeling well. He walks to the bathroom and locks it. You can't stay in there forever, she yells. Her heart beats so fast. She throws on her clothes, pounds on the door. No response. Then a thump. Through the frosted glass door, his shadow lies still on the floor. Sasha smashes the glass with all of her weight. So much force. So much glass. Alexander spread out. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Her mouth on his mouth. CPR as she turns on her phone. 9-1-1. Her wrist has been cut on the glass. It's her blood on the granite. I think I'm going to cancel the trip to New York, says Gary. I'll turn down the internship. It's not such a big deal. I'll stay here. Gary opens the fridge. These leftovers look amazing. When did you make this chili? It's a week old. We had the party a week ago, she says. A leftover piece of blue crepe paper dangles from the adobe kitchen frame. Backlit by the fridge, it catches Clara's eye. She looks at this man she has loved for ten years. You've bought your ticket, she says quietly. You've booked the hotel. You've bought your supplies. You've burdened our life by 36,000. You never discussed it. I believe this means New York is calling you, Gary. I believe you should go. She's exhausted. She looks at Gary and he looks far away. He looks smaller, a stranger. You can't save the people you love. She feels cold. She's so cold. She compulsively scrolls through her phone up to her mother's text. Mr. Zimler's expecting your call. And a number. She saves it. The emergency vehicles, the call to Margaret, it's all a blur. When Margaret enters the ER, Sasha's never felt such relief. She's shocked to see how scared her stepmother looks. Her own cut wrist is bandaged. That's what Margaret notices. I'm okay, says Sasha. It's just him. She's terrified of Margaret's anger, but her stepmother just holds her. Someone says, he wouldn't have made it without instant care. He is one lucky man. I want to stay until I know he's okay, whispers Sasha, and Margaret squeezes her hand. It's morning when they exit the hospital. Sasha holds on to Margaret just like when she was little. They're shaking. What did you tell Dad? He was asleep. I left him a note. Said you'd lost your wallet and I needed to get you. I love you, says Sasha. I'm sorry. At home after putting Sasha to sleep, Margaret writes Alexander an email. I'll help you get your Pulitzer article together. I'll get you the Wall Street contacts you need, but you stay away from my kid. The bathroom is full of wet steam. Are you sure I should go to New York? I'm sure, Clara says. You'll have a great life. You're being a bit too dramatic, Gary scoffs. Our friend's baby has died. It's that kind of day. Through the steam, she gathers the courage to say it. We're done, Gary. You and I, we're all done. She's not going to cry. Let's look at it as a new beginning for us, he deflects, stepping out of his clothes. I'll try out New York and then during the winter you'll join me. In the mirror, she looks at her face. Her eyebrows are filled with white hairs. I can't live like this anymore, she says It's not good for me, I'm dying She's crying now When we come back from New York, Gary says We should get going with that baby idea She enters the shower crying harder now Crying in the shower is safe We're done, Gary He's right behind her She closes her eyes The baby has died What do you think of my idea? he asks But he's already inside her Stephen wakes up Margaret in the middle of the night. Sasha's crying. Go to her, he whispers. You go. Margaret tiptoes next to Sasha. The crying turns to dry heaves. I'm sorry, says Sasha. Hell of a dream. I was alone with my mom. She catches herself, looks at Margaret, who nods. After she jumped, they never let me visit the hospital. I've always wondered, what if I'd been there? Margaret and Sasha are quiet. You saved someone's life, says Margaret finally. You couldn't save her, but you saved Alexander. I know, says Sasha. It's so weird. Sasha gets up. I've been meaning to say, you play the violin much better than my mom. I remember her practicing. Three colorful foam tubes land on the Indian bedspread. I challenge you to, Stephen says, brandishing the tubes. Let's use these to fight. His wife and daughter look up. Stephen looks like a big-bellied clown. For a moment, on 74th and Columbus, apartment 9D, there's a mother and daughter. There's a dad. There is laughter. Two months later, October 2001, New York City. I wish you weren't going back to L.A. so soon, not until we find Gary. Clara puts her arm around Gary's mom. She looks up, so fragile. Clara cuts the scotch tape, and Gary's mom chooses the spot for their flyer. They walk the city looking for surfaces to plaster their plea, missing since 9-11. Gary's face looks up from the flyer, elated, graduating, cap and gown and all. They tape his face next to the weathered flyers of missing bankers, secretaries, firefighters. They run out, but Gary's mom is not done. She pulls Clara into the Kinkos on 72nd and Broadway. I've noticed the successful flyers, how they do it, she whispers. Successful flyers, asks Clara. The hand of Gary's mom shakes. She pulls a faded Polaroid out of her purse. Gary, the toddler, bikes on the grass. Let's add this photo next, then I want you to keep it. I'll run us a thousand copies, okay? Clara says softly. The successful flyers make you care. Gary's mom locks eyes with her daughter-in-law. We need people to care. Clara glances at Gary's mom a few steps ahead, scouting out bulletin boards. Her own mother's voice comes through the cell, clear with purpose as always. I'm going to ask you again, have you told them about Gary's debts. Mom, please. He's dead, Clara. That boy's luck is over and you're stuck with all of his debts. They don't know about the pending divorce. Think about the rest of your life, says her mother. They got money. You don't. In the distance, Gary's mother is fighting with a janitor. I gotta go, Clara blurts, and she runs. This bulletin board is just for the church, the janitor yells. Enough is enough. I clean up these flyers every day. These people are dead. Clara finds herself screaming, it's her son, have a heart. And then she suddenly sees it, a missing flyer discarded on the ground. It's Margaret's face, Xeroxed a few too many times. Any information, please call. Clara picks up the flyer. She looks at Margaret, black dress and white pearls and her elegance. Mother and wife, says the flyer. Please, call. Sasha stares at Alexander as if staring at prey. A plastic Ziploc bag with Margaret's purple toothbrush lies on the bistro table between them. I want you to go to the morgue and give this for the DNA sample, she says. You owe this to Margaret. You have to be part of trying to find her. Alexander sighs. He looks so much older. You take get in, Sasha. She was your mom. She leans in. All she wants is to kill him. Alexander gets up. Go home to your dad. Sasha grabs the toothbrush and shoves it in her purse. You broke Margaret's heart when you slept with me, she hisses. I hope her ghost haunts you forever. Alexander leaves at 20 for their coffees. He doesn't wait for the change. Sasha can hear her heart beating out of control as she moves to the bar. The barman asks for ID. I bet you didn't get to celebrate, he says as he looks at the date, September 18th. He slides over a dirty martini and shrugs off her money. He tries to pick her up, but she doesn't let him. I couldn't have made it without Clara today. Gary's mom cuts a thick slice of coffee cake. Even in deep grief, she serves tea with linen napkins and China. All around Clara sit photos of Gary, cards of sympathy supported on tables, an email card from the graduating class of UCLA, a bouquet of white orchids from Jeannie and Tommy. Clara feels sick. The coffee cake rises to her throat. This is the third time you've been sick today, says Gary's mom. Your nerves are a wreck. You want some of my Xanax? When she's done throwing up, Clara remembers to clean everything well. Underneath the toilet seat, always check that before she settles back in. I know he's not dead, Gary's mother says. Someone's bound to come forward. The new flyer's much better. Clara feels the stare of Gary's father rising up from the New York Times. I really think you should make some arrangements and stay with us for a while. Clara hugs Gary's mom. I can't give up yet, the old woman whispers. If you were a mother, you'd know. If you were a mother, Clara shivers. Clara walks the empty Walmart aisles. It's 9.30 at night. Halloween masks and candy. Plastic lanterns for the plastic dead. She's looking. Stops in front of the pregnancy test. She can't keep ignoring the facts. The test sits alone in her basket. At the cashier's, she opens her purse and Margaret's face stares at her from the flyer. Haunted, Clara walks the half block back to her hotel. Excuse me, miss, the employees at reception surround her with an afterglow of pity. Someone's waiting for you at the bar. Gary's father stands up. A businessman, he cuts to the chase. I had Gary's correspondence forwarded to me. I found a letter from a lawyer you hired. Zimler, is that right? Gary's father is shaking. She's been dreading these words. Fooling me and my wife in our grief. I don't want to see you again. You go back to L.A. as you planned. It all makes sense now. You don't give a damn. Clara sits down, too exhausted to cry. The hotel clerk brings her a glass of red wine. On the house, and she can feel his compassion. Stephen opens the door of his office to lead out a patient, and Clara's right there, waiting on the soft maroon couch. For one crazy double-take moment, he thinks, is she here because I never answer her letters? He waves her in on a reflex. What Clara notices, his white and sad eyes. The room is padded with sound insulation. I know about Margaret, she whispers. She's missing. The chair is uncomfortable. No, he says in the detached voice of a therapist. Margaret is not missing. Margaret is dead. His hands flex an agromanagement foam tube. When Clara starts crying, there's no end to the tears. He wants her to stay, but she apologizes. Later, she says, I'm so sorry. Let me gather myself. Clara scrambles in her purse for a blank piece of paper. I remember yourself, he says. The soundproof room is so incredibly quiet after Clara leaves. Stephen picks up the anger management foam tubes. He's about to put them away when he smashes them into his chair. The ceiling in Sasha's room is finally fixed. Stephen sits in front of a scotch. On the TV, the Middle East, India, wars, earthquakes, crashes. He can't stand the news. He swallows a sleeping pill. Why did Margaret go back to work in September? She didn't need to go back to work. Sasha folds up the pull-out couch. Her voice sounds pragmatic. I gave Margaret's toothbrush for the DNA file today. Stephen hides his face in his hands. He only says, Clara's in town. Sasha stops. Not even a month since Margaret died, you're running into the arms of ex-girlfriends? She waves her father away. Inside her room, she tears down the tarps, stops out of breath, looks at the unopened pile of mail. Happy 21st birthday, says the card posted in L.A. in August. Worlds within worlds, creature of the woods and of the seas. Let me know how you are, Clara's added. Sasha tears up the card and tosses it into the garbage. At least give us something of his, some closure, I beg you. Gary's mother is crying on the phone. Clara in her hotel room, curled up in a ball. I don't have his things anymore, she says. Nothing? You have nothing? I don't have his toothbrush, his comb, anything to help with the DNA tracking. She can hear Gary's father struggling for the phone. You cleaned him out of your life way too fast. He's hung up. Her face burns. The phone rings right back. California is a common law state. You're responsible for... Stop it, Mama! Her heart beats so loud. I found out something horrible, Mama. Remember Sasha, the little girl I used to take care of during grad school? Her stepmother also died in the towers. Her mom's voice is like steel. Everyone suffers in life. Right now, I can only worry about you. Clara shakes her head. Words dry up in her mouth. She hangs up. She takes her purse and empties it. Gary's toddler Polaroid photo, Margaret's flyer, the pregnancy test. She takes the test in the bathroom and braces herself. In front of Margaret's laptop, Sasha hits print. Margaret's inbox, an endless scroll on the screen. Dear Alexander, I'll meet with my colleagues on September 11th. I'll get you your Pulitzer piece, but I repeat, You stay away from my kid. Stephen's bottle of scotch is almost empty besides Sasha. She chugs one last sip, then takes off. She's surprised Alexander opens his door. She can see right behind him, his bathroom, the door still all frosted glass, now fixed. She refuses to enter, hands him two Ziplocs. Margaret's nail clippings and hair, they're good for your DNA too. You're morbid. He goes to close the door in her face. Sasha starts stripping. He's panicked, looks down the hallway, thankfully empty. He holds on to the Ziplocs. I'll take them to the morgue tomorrow. Get dressed. But Sasha keeps on. I found out why Margaret died. I found out why she went to the office. Her laughter sounds like a mating hyena. Do I look like Margaret now? He slams the door shut. Shaking, Sasha slips the printed email underneath the door. On it she's written, you killed her. Clara sits next to Stephen, on his couch. She eats his homemade chili, always better than hers, always soothing. Served in rustic pottery, not plastic. Could Gary be running away from his debts? Why would he even be near the towers? Clara feels defensive. Gary was creating site-specific art. He'd never just disappear. She tries to concentrate on the reason she's here. I need to help his parents. If someone writes an article about him. Stephen rummages through paperwork. There's only one journalist I know. He hands her a card. Alexander Sikorov. An old friend of Margaret's. Clara nods, thankful. Maybe it's not the best thing to see Sasha today, says Stephen. She's having a very hard time. Clara pauses. When I sent her her birthday card, I was so stuck, so trapped. And now, Stephen stares at her. Clara looks up at the man she once loved. Now I feel guilty and scared. Clara sits across from Alexander at his makeshift office at Ground Zero. She likes him, the way he asks questions, how he leans in to listen to details. He promises to do his best to get an article out. Has anyone seen Gary Loewesen? The room of volunteers hums, content. Work keeps everyone sane. When this time passes, says Alexander, you can come work with me, in case you want to stay close until he's found. Stay close to where he is. She's thankful for this unexpected compassion. She's thankful for Alexander Sukharov. On 74th and Columbus, apartment 9D, Stephen begins to clean up. Bach's second violin concerto fills the apartment as if Margaret's playing. He stares at Margaret's mustard-stained blouse. He still can't bear to clean it, folds the Indian bedspread instead. He flows with the music. Grief makes you nauseous. In Sasha's room, he empties the trash. That's when he finds it. Clara's torn birthday card, and then the empty pillbox, Margaret's sleeping pills. They're all gone. Sasha walks into Alexander's offices. She's calm, rubs her eyes. She's suddenly cold. She wants to sleep. All she wants is to sleep. She's already dreaming. Margaret shows her a window. This is the way out, she says. Sasha wants Alexander to see her. She wants him to watch. Across the room, Clara notices this girl dozing over, a volunteer falling asleep on the job. So much stress. But then she sees Alexander walking over to her, shaking the girl, yelling at her, suddenly angry, unrecognizably angry, then scared. Young people congregate, pull rashly away. Clara gets up from her chair. You cannot save people, Jeannie said that night in LA. You cannot save the people you love. And then Clara runs. No thinking, just movement. She slaps this girl. Alexander watches terrified as Clara screams, 9-1-1. And then she sticks her fingers inside Sasha's throat. Sasha moans, half opens her eyes and she gags. Clara, she says. Terror and relief live on Clara's face as she starts CPR. I got you, Sasha, she tells her. Stephen holds Sasha. She's alive. She's with him. This is not a repeat of last year, Sasha whispers. I'm here, he repeats again and again. Father and daughter, a tiny unit surrounded by wires and white sheets. Stephen puts on some music, watching his child sleep. Clara walks outside in the hallway. A nurse passes and smiles at her. You should join EMS, she jokes once again. Want a coffee, love? Tea? Clara nods, checks her watch. Her flight leaves in eight hours. She feels warm. She feels safe. And then she looks down at her legs. When she walks to the nurse's station, she's remarkably calm. I'm pregnant, she says. I think I need an ultrasound. I'm bleeding. Lying in the semi-dark room, she keeps her eyes closed as the technician moves over her abdomen. You want to hear it? Asks the nurse. Clara opens her eyes. The black and white images come and go on the screen, just like clouds. The woman smiles at her. You want to hear its heart? Clara nods. Can we tape it? She whispers. On 30th Street and First Avenue sits a complex of tents. Alexander watches the makeshift compound. Traffic whistles along the FDR drive. The huge white tent is a magnet. He knows what's inside. 16 refrigerated trailers. Humming engines, fragments of lives, remains coming in every day. Is Margaret in there? It has started to rain. An elderly couple approaches, then stops, almost embarrassed. I'm sorry, says the old man. We thought you were someone else. He thought you were our son, says his wife. But our son is in there, she points to the tent. She laughs, a gentle laugh, full of wonder. They found a small fragment, a bone. Do you have someone in there? Alexander pauses. I'm sorry, says the old man. It's not our place to ask. I should have died, says Alexander. Two weeks before 9-11, I had a heart attack. If I had died, Margaret would still be alive, he hears himself saying. Clara takes an electric candle out of a Halloween lantern. They won't allow open flames at the hospital. She ducks as she enters Sasha's hospital room. The handmade happy birthday banner still hits her on the back. She places the electric candle on the cupcake. Sasha blows, and Stephen turns off the flame. The nurses applaud. Clara keeps hearing the sound of the baby's heartbeat in her head. Faster than a bird. Faster than she ever could have imagined. Faster than fear. This sound, she thinks, is the opposite of death. On 30th Street and 1st Avenue, the rain beats fast against the chalk white canvas. Alexander and the old couple stand underneath. A preacher leads half a dozen people in prayer. Alexander takes a lantern. The old couple take another and place them at the foot of the trailer. Across town, Gary's father turns to his wife. Clara called, he says quietly. She says she has something she wants us to hear. When Clara heads to the airport, it is not yet dawn. The taxi driver locks eyes with her in the mirror. He's Sikh. His turban blocks her view of the asphalt. Clara watches out of the window as morning light rises over Manhattan. Out of deep darkness comes the day, she thinks. The sun is white, floods Clara's eyes, like birth each day. When I get the baton to run the anchor leg of the distance medley relay, that's a race you run on a track, I'm five yards behind Vince Mutarelli. This race is over. You can have a hundred yard lead on Vince Mutarelli, and over the course of a mile, he would reel you in, he would pass you, and he would win. He is the best high school middle distance runner in the Northeast United States. His nickname is La Machine. Because he runs like a cyborg and he never gets tired. Everyone, there's about 300 people that stands around the track that day. Everyone knows that he has no chance of being beaten. Except one guy. One guy thinks maybe he can be beaten. And that's the guy who should know better. It's the guy with the baton who's five yards behind him. Why? Why did I think that? It's weird because I'm not even the best runner on my high school team. That's a guy named Tom Novak. But he's been injured. And so I've known for about a month that I'll be running this anchor leg at the distance medley rear line. It has changed me. You know, normally I'm sort of a lazy athlete. I just coast along on my genetic package. I'm a skinny guy with big lungs. So, you know, I skip workouts. I don't run on the weekend. But when I hear that I'm running against Vince Mutarelli, it turns me into a sports movie montage guy. I am running all the time, every day of the week, and I'm throwing in extra workouts. Why? Why do I do that? It's because Vince Mutarelli is from the Bronx, where my parents grew up, and where the badasses, where the tough guys live. I am from Westchester County, where the men wear golf slaps and the little dogs wear capes. I'm from the place that produces wimps. And this really raises the question of what we inherit. Can you have a trait that you never get to use because you don't encounter an environment that triggers it? In other words, are the Bronx guys like Mutarelli tough because they live in the Bronx? Or are they tough because they inherit some sort of toughness, inherent toughness from their tough Bronx parents that's then triggered by their tough Bronx neighborhoods? And conversely, why am I a wimp? Is it nature? Is it nurture? I need to know. So, we're running. were running in this race. And the one thing you've got to know is my parents didn't follow my athletic career all that closely. Although, a few weeks before, there was an exception. My mom drove me to another race in the Bronx. And that was kind of unusual. And I'd had an off day, and I'd finished sort of mid-pack. And as she was driving me home afterwards, she turned to me and she said, you know, I thought you were supposed to be good. And that really, it hurt me. Although I could see that as soon as she said it, she regretted it. So then she turned to me and she said, okay, we're taking a detour. I'm going to show you where I grew up, the apartment house where I grew up in the Bronx. And I think why she did that is, I'm 18 years old. I'm about to leave for college. I'm a senior in high school. And I think she wanted to let me know, she wanted to show me that she had fought to get out of her neighborhood and out of the working class poverty that she grew up with. And that you have to fight in this life, especially if you want to be good at something. So this apartment house she's taking me to, she has these beautiful childhood memories of being a girl that's on a hill near Yankee Stadium. and she and her friends used to sleigh ride in winter down the hill all the way to the river. And in summer, her dad would take her and her friends up to the roof at night and he'd shoot off fireworks over the city. But that was before the expressways came and just mutilated the neighborhood. So she knows it's gone downhill, but she doesn't know how much. She drives around a corner and she pulls up at the curb in front of this apartment house, this place that has all of her childhood memories. And we look and it's a pile of bricks in an empty lot. And it's the only time I ever saw my mother cry. My mom and dad, she was a teacher and he was a government worker. They thought the best thing that they could do for me and my brothers is to give us a perfectly safe and uneventful childhood. We grew up in this little suburb called Crestwood. Norman Rockwell literally painted a picture of Crestwood train station. And my parents got a cheap little print of it and put it in a little golden frame and hung it over the fireplace. So on Sunday nights, we would all sit on the couch and look at it as we sipped our cocoa and watched the wonderful world of Disney on TV. So my childhood was like a pasteurized glass of milk and about as interesting. I'm about to leave home, and I don't know how to operate the stick shift on a car, or a checking account, or a condom. And you know, you can learn those things, and maybe someday I will. But what's harder to learn when you grow up sheltered is resilience. So I sat in the car, and I watched my mom. And she cried, and she gave herself only a minute. And then she stopped. And she drove us home. She made dinner for our family. And later that night, she did something just as hard. She came into my bedroom and she sat down on the bed. And she apologized for what she had said earlier in the day. So my plan for beating Vince Mutorelli is to just stick close over three laps. And then get on his shoulder for the fourth lap. to somehow get to the back stretch and then fight him down the home stretch. And when you get to the last lap in a track race, the official rings a bell. So when Peter Allen and I reach the bell lap, I am on his shoulder. And that is just shocking to the crowd. But everyone knows that La Machine, he's just toying with me. He can just pull away at any time. But he doesn't. I stay with him around the curve. and now we're pounding it out down the back stretch. And the crowd is getting excited. I'm right next to him and he shoots me this look like, hey, who are you? And he pulls away to a five-yard lead. And I think to myself, oh, really? After all this work, you just pull away. This is how I lose. And then I see him. He chops his stride. He's tired. So I bring myself back even with him And we go through the final curve, and then we hit the back stretch, the home stretch, stride for stride. And now the crowd is on its feet, and people are screaming. And I even pull out to a little lead. And then he gets even, and he passes me. And somehow I will myself next to him again. And he looks at me again like, no, really, who are you? We're 10 feet from the line, 5 feet. we lean, I win and a few weeks later he and I will match up again in another race just like this at a much bigger meet called the Penn Relays and he will bury me but on this day I win why? I think it's because of something I got from my mom it's really the thing I value most I think I inherited just a fraction of her toughness of her high-bridge blogs. I began my illustrious career in journalism in the Bronx, where I toiled as a hardballed reporter for The Ram, the student newspaper at Fordham University. And one day I'm walking toward the campus center, and out comes the elusive Dean McGowan, architect of a policy to replace Fordham's traditionally working-to-middle-class students with wealthier, more prestigious ones. So I whip out my notebook and I go up to him and I say, Dean McGowan, is it true that Fordham University plans to raise tuition substantially above the inflation rate? And if so, wouldn't that be a betrayal of its mission? And he stops and looks at me and he says, listen up, punk. And right then there's a blur in the corner of my eye which becomes this figure holding a cream pie which becomes the guy standing next to me mashing a cream pie into Dean McGowan's face and then runs away. And the dean is covered with cream. So I give him a moment, and then I say, Dean McGowan, would you care to comment on this latest attack? And the dean says, yes. I would care to comment. Fuck you. So I race back to the newsroom with my scoop, and I find the editor, Jim Dwyer, who's a senior, and he will go on to win a Pulitzer Prize. That is true. And he's a big guy. I pitch him my story. I tell him what I've seen. And he says, Dean McGowan, that guy's a dick. Write it up. So I'm banging out my story, and I know it's good. And then I start to make it better by adding an element of embellishment. Reporters call this making shit up. And they recommend against crossing that line. But I had just seen the line crossed between a high-powered dean and a salt with a pastry. And I kind of liked it. So the first thing I did was I gave the figure a name. I called him Pie Man, capital P, capital M. And I described him as a cape-wearing masked Avenger. Though in fact, he'd been capeless. And I said that as he fled the scene, he clicked his heels in rakish glee. And I gave him a catchphrase in Latin. I said that he cried out, Ego sum non an bestia, which means I am not an animal, which makes no sense. I needed something. I'm Catholic. Latin just comes to me. So I finished my story, and I hand it to Dwyer, and he reads it and he says, Pie Man? I love it. Page one. And that's how the first line got crossed. A few days later, I get a letter. It says, Dear Jim, good story, nice details. If you want to see me again in action, be on the steps of Duane Library Tuesday at 3 o'clock. Signed, Pie Man. So I was there with a photographer from the RAM. And sure enough, out comes Sheila Beal, student body president. And now Sheila was different from me and all the other Fordham students who wore flannel shirts and worked part-time jobs. Sheila was well-bred. Sheila had school spirit. Sheila was the kind of student that Dean McGowan wanted more of. Although rumor had it that he got plenty of her in his office, on his desk. But that's just a rumor. Please do not spread it outside this room. I myself would never say that. But the fact was, Sheila had collaborated with the dean to ban outdoor drinking on campus. The infamous no more beer at barbecues rule. That's right, boo that rule. Sheila thought drinking in public was in poor taste. I think you know what happened next. Pieman emerged from behind the late night library drop box, made his delivery, and fled away, crying, ego sum non albistia. Or at least that's what it said in my story in the newspaper the next day, which ran with a photo of him leaving the scene, cape flowing behind him, doing this. And that's what made him a sensation on campus. People started dressing like him and quoting him in class. The Ram ran five major stories about pie man, all of them by me. And towards the end of this run, I was out at a bar one night, and I saw, I came in, I saw in the corner Angela from my Brit Lit class, drinking with some friends. And now Angela and I had been flirting for two months, or I had been flirting with her, and was such nuanced that there was a question about whether she knew I existed. So I saw her there and made a mental note to do nothing about it. And then I went to the bar to buy a round, and I felt a tap on my shoulder, and it was her. And she said, Jim, we were just talking about how you always seem to know when and where pie man will strike. and we were wondering, are you Pie Man? And I knew by the way she said it, I knew that if I said yes, she would have sex with me. And wasn't I really Pie Man for having brought him into being? Didn't she only know about him through me? But she had asked me a straightforward question that came with a straightforward answer. In fact, I wasn't Pie Man as far as I knew. I had never seen the guy out of costume. So I looked at her and I said, yes Angela, I am Pie Man. And she said, oh good, now buy me a beer and tell me all about it.