 okay um so the thing starts with like this kind of beachy scene almost with sand and then you see This kid, Merlin, will start walking up, and it flashes through a bunch of, like, scenes of him just traveling, like, in fairly rural areas, and the music's upbeat and happy. And then, um, like, the title scene, the credits roll with the music, and you see, like, a bunch of, like, medieval imagery and fire and stuff. Um, so then after that, um, this kid just keeps walking. He's now in a town with, like, lots of people. Um, it's very obviously, like, medieval times, uh, he's got, like, this backpack and stuff, and he's traveled a long way, um, we understand. So, um, everyone's congregated, and he joins this crowd of people, and we see this other man being led up to, like, this little stump thing by two guards, and we understand that he's about to be executed, and then, um, the king of, I don't, yeah, I guess just the king, He starts talking. He says that this man is going to be killed because he practiced magic and that he's going to serve as an example to not do that. So then the man is killed. Everyone looks really horrified. This whole time there's this girl in the window that I guess we're supposed to think is important because she keeps being shown. After the man is killed, the king says, like, let the festivities begin, and I guess they're celebrating, like, not using magic in the kingdom. Um, the, uh, before the crowd fully disperses, this woman starts screaming, and turns out that she's the, uh, executed man's mother, and, um, she's pretty distressed, calls the king the only evil thing, um, says that before the festivities are over, uh, He's going to... One of his kids is going to be dead anyways. And then before the guards can seize her, she kind of like turns into this tornado and disappears. So then Marlon leaves kind of shaken. He goes to the... I forgot what the guy's name was. Oh, the court physician. And he has a letter for the court physician. But before... So, um, he, when he goes into the room, the guy is standing on top of, like, a balcony kind of thing, and, um, he startles him, so the court physician, he falls, but before he can fall on the ground, Merlin, who is magical, like, kind of catches him and then slides the bed under him, so he lands on it nicely. Um, and yeah, so the guy's shocked at the first Merlins, tries to pass it off as, like, he didn't do anything, and then later just admits that he was born with magic. So he hands the guy the, um, letter, and then, um, the guy tells him to, like, go. The, somewhere soon or before, there's a scene with the woman that we saw in the window earlier. Um, turns out she's some kind of daughter of the king's, and, uh, So the king is just annoyed at all this magic stuff and the daughter is annoyed at how brutal the king was with everything and doesn't tell us himself and then he orders her to see some sort of singer or something and she at first refuses but then he gets angry so she does it. We see the court physician reading the letter that he got and Uh, so, what happened was Merlin's mother sent him there so that he could get some protection or kind of treating or guidance. While he, um, because of his magic powers or gifts, as she calls them. Um, so then the next morning, uh, we, yeah, so Merlin goes, like, eats breakfast, um, uh, the guy kind of, like, on purpose knocks over a pail of water and sees Merlin again, like, just instinctively, like, stop it from falling, um, with magic. And, uh, again, he questions him, like, that's, like, asking him where he learned this stuff, um, how he came to have, uh, supernatural powers. And then he sends him off on errands. He comes to deliver, like, these two things of medicines to these two different people, um, So, Merlin does that, and the first guy, who's, like, pretty blind, just chugs it all at once, even though he wasn't supposed to. Um, and then on his way to deliver the second one, he sees this, uh, blonde guy, kind of in a suit, um, and this other, like, smaller, I mean, I guess we're supposed to see him as, like, some kind of peasant kid. Um, the blonde guy's, like, surrounded by a bunch of his posse. the other kid is alone and um the other kid has this massive target like this big wooden thing and the blonde guy is like aggressively throwing weapons at him and um calling it target practice and just generally being aggressive about that all and then so the small guy eventually falls down because he gets exhausted um and Merlin is there and uh At first he's nice to her and tells the blonde guy and his crew, like, okay, that's enough. But then the blonde guy doesn't like to hear that, and they get into something of a verbal argument. Moreland calls him my friend. He responds with, no. And it ends with Moreland trying to punch the guy who we now know his name is Arthur. He's the king's son. And, uh, he easily disarms Merlin, and then the guards take Merlin away, and the next thing we see is him waking up in a cell. Um, so, in this cell, um, I guess the most notable thing is when he wakes up, he hears this, like, eerie voice just saying Merlin, Merlin, over and over again. Um, and he, it seems to be coming from the ground, or somewhere under him. Um, But then his caretaker, the court physician, comes back in, tells Moreland he pulled a couple strings, and that he can go. So that happens, with the one exception. He has to do one of those medieval things where he sticks his arms and head through holes in a panel, more or less. And these kids are throwing fruits and vegetables at him. It's all in good fun, though. He's laughing. and then this, uh, a different woman comes by, and she was there when he defended the, um, like, the kid, and then, um, she says, she's kind of joking around with him, just saying, like, oh, that was really brave, and she said, but it was, like, a good thing you didn't get into a fight with Arthur, because, like, he's kind of, like, he couldn't beat up Arthur, more or less, is what her idea is, and, um, he laughs it off, and that's it. Uh, something before or after all that, um, there's a scene in the woods, so there's this tent, and there's a woman inside it, and, um, she hears a noise outside, and it turns out to be one of her guards or something, and he comes in, and we learn that she's headed towards the, uh, castle. And then, um... Uh, later he goes out, uh, tries to, like, he hears some noise out in the woods, so he checks what it is. Um, we don't see anything, but next we hear a scream from, like, this is, uh, a scene being placed inside the tent. And then, um, another figure approaches the tent. And this time it's, like, this old kind of decrepit lady. Probably, um, she looks like the woman who, um, the son, or the mother of the The man who was executed. So, um... Yeah, she's... This witch, she comes in. She has, like, this voodoo doll that she stabs a couple of times. And then the woman in the tent kind of falls over. And is silent and still. And then she has this, um... Potion thing on her necklace that she keeps rubbing. And then... Says a couple of words, um... bunch of, like, incantations to it. It glows, and then she turns into the woman who was, used to be, like, alive and well in the tent. And then, um, she looks at herself in the mirror, though, and the mirror shows that she's still this, like, kind of old witch. Uh, so, yeah, that's that scene. And then, um, the next time we see her, she, uh, is coming off of a horse, and, um, walking into the castle. So, uh, oh, and also, when she steps off, we see that even the water reflects, like, who she really is, which is, like, this old witch and not, um, this, like, young brunette lady. So, um, she kind of walks in. The king is very, very happy to see her. Uh, we learn that she is, like, a singer for all, like, the festival stuff that's going on. And then, so, he just, like, sends her on her way, says, thanks for coming. Um, so, Merlin is, uh, like, out and about again, and, um, this time, wait, no, not yet, this time, he is sent to give, uh, her, like, the singer, um, like, this little thing for her voice, it's like a vial, presumably of, like, some kind of uh, medicine for voice, and, um, so he goes to her, like, room, I guess, and, um, he puts it down at first because no one's there, and he notices, like, that voodoo doll that she had, um, stabbed, she had been stabbing in the tent, and then, uh, he's, looks fairly confused and, um, kind of concerned, and then he, uh, like, moves his little sheet off, then it's like a stack of, I guess, what we would understand for, like, spell books or something. And he's looking at it also fairly confused. Um... The scene then cuts to the lady, and she... Uh, she looks concerned. She, um, is really close to her room and, um, turns around quickly, walks towards it, and, um, just as she's about to come in, Merlin, like, quickly puts the book down, like, covers it back up, and, um, She comes in and says, what are you doing here? And then he just gives her the medicine, tells her that she was there to deliver that, and leaves. So yeah. And then somewhere in another conversation with the court physician, we learn that all the dragons had been killed 20 years ago because magic sent this world into chaos, except for one which is underneath the castle. Um, so there's a bit of foreshadowing. Um, and then, so Merlin bumps into Arthur and his gang on the street again, and, um, at first, when Arthur calls out to him, he tries to ignore them, but then Arthur just keeps talking, and he can't ignore them anymore. And then, so, um, he, um, he, being Merlin, uh, keeps, like, kind of over-bravadoing, um, tells Arthur, like, oh, like, uh, I could beat you up with, like, less than a sword or whatever he had said. So, Arthur throws him, like, this, I'm not sure what the term is for it, but the, like, stick with a chain on the end that you kind of whoop around to hurt people. So, Arthur comes after him with one of those, and at first, Merlin is, like, super clumsy. All he can do is run away. There are, like, portions of the town kind of getting destroyed. Um, Yeah, he, like, it's very busy out, so he's, like, bumping into people. Lots of fruit is getting smashed, like, running over, um, fruit carts and stuff. And then, um, he kind of gets backed into this alleyway, and he's just, like, he tripped and fell on this pile of stuff, and Arthur's standing over him, like, swinging this weapon around. Um, but then he uses magic, and, like, there's these meat hooks nearby. and then, like, he aligns them perfectly so that when Arthur is swinging his, um, like, chain thing around, it gets wrapped up. And then, this is, like, kind of Merlin's chance, he jumps up, and then, um, now, like, there's, like, a bunch of scenes of him doing little things to trip up Arthur, like, literally, like, he moves his block in front of him when Arthur's trying to come after him, so he jumps over it, and then, um, he hides again, and then Arthur still gets up and keeps coming after him, and he... pulls this rope top, so he trips over that as well. And then, so, Arthur is now the one falling all over the place, and by now, a fairly large crowd has gathered, and we see that, um, uh, the court physician is also there, like, kind of just, like, looking at Arthur. We kind of see a small smile on his part. Um, and yeah, so Arthur looks at him, and, um, there is an ending that I can't recall right now. Yeah, I think that's it.